docs/further.md, before:

# AWS Credentials 

This plugin assumes you have setup AWS CLI credentials in ~/.aws/credentials. For more
information see [aws cli configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html).

# AWS Infrastructure Requirements

The snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch requires an EC2 compute environment and a job queue
to be configured. The plugin repo [contains terraform](https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch/tree/main/terraform) used to setup 
the requisite AWS Batch infrastructure. 

Assuming you have [terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install) 
installed and aws cli credentials configured, you can deploy
the required infrastructure as follows: 

```
cd terraform
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

Resource names can be updated by including a terraform.tfvars file that specifies 
variable name overrides of the defaults defined in vars.tf. The outputs variables from  
running terraform apply can be exported as environment variables for snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch to use.

SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_REGION
SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_QUEUE
SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_ROLE

# Example

## Create environment

Install snakemake and the AWS executor and storage plugins into an environment. We 
recommend the use of mamba package manager which can be [installed using miniforge](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/setup.html#step-1-installing-miniforge), but these 
dependencies can also be installed using pip or other python package managers. 

```
mamba create -n snakemake-example \
    snakemake snakemake-storage-plugin-s3 snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch
mamba activate snakemake-example
```

Clone the snakemake tutorial repo containing the example workflow:

```
git clone https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-tutorial-data.git
```

Setup and run tutorial workflow on the the executor

```
cd snakemake-tutorial-data 

export SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_REGION=
export SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_QUEUE=
export SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_ROLE=

snakemake --jobs 4 \
    --executor aws-batch \
    --aws-batch-region us-west-2 \
    --default-storage-provider s3 \
    --default-storage-prefix s3://snakemake-tutorial-example \
    --verbose
```

Commit message:

feat: enable rule specific queue

docs/further.md, after:

# AWS Credentials

This plugin assumes you have setup AWS CLI credentials in ~/.aws/credentials. For more
information see [aws cli configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html).

# AWS Infrastructure Requirements

The snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch requires an EC2 compute environment and a job queue
to be configured. The plugin repo [contains terraform](https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch/tree/main/terraform) used to setup
the requisite AWS Batch infrastructure.

# Per-Rule Configuration

You can override the default job queue for specific rules using the `aws_batch_job_queue` resource:

```python
rule special_task:
    output:
        "output.txt"
    resources:
        aws_batch_job_queue="arn:aws:batch:us-west-2:123456789012:job-queue/special-queue"
    shell:
        "echo 'task' > {output}"
```

Assuming you have [terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install) 
installed and aws cli credentials configured, you can deploy
the required infrastructure as follows: 

```
cd terraform
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

Resource names can be updated by including a terraform.tfvars file that specifies 
variable name overrides of the defaults defined in vars.tf. The outputs variables from  
running terraform apply can be exported as environment variables for snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch to use.

SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_REGION
SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_QUEUE
SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_ROLE

# Example

## Create environment

Install snakemake and the AWS executor and storage plugins into an environment. We 
recommend the use of mamba package manager which can be [installed using miniforge](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial/setup.html#step-1-installing-miniforge), but these 
dependencies can also be installed using pip or other python package managers. 

```
mamba create -n snakemake-example \
    snakemake snakemake-storage-plugin-s3 snakemake-executor-plugin-aws-batch
mamba activate snakemake-example
```

Clone the snakemake tutorial repo containing the example workflow:

```
git clone https://github.com/snakemake/snakemake-tutorial-data.git
```

Setup and run tutorial workflow on the the executor

```
cd snakemake-tutorial-data 

export SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_REGION=
export SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_QUEUE=
export SNAKEMAKE_AWS_BATCH_JOB_ROLE=

snakemake --jobs 4 \
    --executor aws-batch \
    --aws-batch-region us-west-2 \
    --default-storage-provider s3 \
    --default-storage-prefix s3://snakemake-tutorial-example \
    --verbose
```
